.TH "fedup" "8" "October 2, 2015" "0.4.1" ""

.SH NAME
.PP
fedup \- upgrade a Fedora system to a new major release

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fedup download \-\-releasever
.I VERSION
.RI [ OPTIONS ]
.br
.B fedup reboot
.br
.B fedup clean

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\f[B]fedup\f[] is the \f[I]Fed\f[]ora \f[I]Up\f[]grade tool.
release.
.PP
The \f[B]download\f[] command downloads all the packages needed to
upgrade to the given \f[I]VERSION\f[].
.PP
The \f[B]reboot\f[] command prepares the system to perform the upgrade
and reboots. This can only be used after the \f[B]download\f[] command
completes successfully.
.PP
The \f[B]clean\f[] command can be used to remove previously\-downloaded
data. This happens automatically at the end of a successful upgrade.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-\-releasever= VERSION
REQUIRED. The version to upgrade to.
Sets \f[I]$releasever\f[] in all enabled repos.
Usually a number, or \f[B]rawhide\f[].
.TP
.B \-\-distro\-sync
Behave like \f[B]dnf distro\-sync\f[]: always install packages from the
new release, even if they are older than the currently\-installed
version.
.TP
.BI \-\-datadir= DIRECTORY
Save downloaded packages to \f[I]DIRECTORY\f[].
\f[I]DIRECTORY\f[] must already exist.
This directory \f[I]must\f[] be mounted automatically by the system or
the upgrade will not work.
The default is \f[C]/var/lib/dnf/system\-update\f[].

.SH NOTES
.PP
This command replaces the original implementation of \f[B]fedup\f[] with a
new DNF plugin which uses systemd's offline system update mechanism. This is
the same mechanism used by GNOME Software's offline updates.

The actual \f[B]fedup\f[] command is a minimal wrapper around \f[B]dnf
system\-upgrade\f[], which you can call directly if you so desire.

.PP
Any problems encountered on your system after the upgrade completes
should be reported to the maintainers of the affected components.
In other words: if (for example) KDE stops working, report that to the KDE
maintainers.

.SH BUGS
.PP
Upgrading from install media (e.g. a DVD or .iso file) currently requires the
user to manually set up a DNF repo and fstab entry for the media.

.SH EXAMPLE
.EX
fedup download \-\-releasever 23
fedup reboot
.EE

.SH SEE ALSO
dnf(8) dnf.conf(5) systemd\-system\-update\-generator(8)

.SH AUTHORS
Will Woods <wwoods@redhat.com>
